hi everyone I'm Kay automata Mama's
cooking chili today i'm gonna make spicy
to the hedgerow it's very easy fast
simple delicious okay let's make voice
i'm going to make the sushi rice I'm
using 1 ball of a sticky rice and a ball
and don't put the rice 1 tablespoon
vinegar 1 teaspoon sugar and on a little
bit storage
I mix well
second I'm going to make a spicy tuna
I'm using Cora pound rock tuna
I'm going to miss tuna on the edges very
soft
at all one tab ismail one in half
tablespoons realtor sauce
this is a fire official as called misako
one tablespoon of butter and mix less
actually this is dry silly and calling
it too heavy side
with your hands with water bottle eyes
spray the Y's on the dry seaweed
and this is taken sprout
nice tune
here we can make triangle
you